This text file will be a personal journal for myself and maybe for anyone who might read it.

As a person who doesn't really understand the consquences of half assing everything, maybe this will help with
personal developement, lol.

*Lowkey also just wanted to add in these folders to github but you know "git only tracks files":|*

* = a key to an idea/concept

Time Complexity
    W3Schools notes- Time Complexity is an Abstract Concept (theory) base measurement. Instead of relying on
    runtime, you can measure the amount of operations that will be needed for a 'x' amount of data due to operations
    taking 'n' amount time to execute. 

    'Operation' means the amount of work and time needed to complete. Ex: In bubble sort the operation is 
    'Compare and Swap' no matter how many values you have this will never change and so will the time it takes
    to complete this operation. The operation itself will have a constant time O(1) but the depending how many
    time it has to do that will be O(n^2) because if 1 element has traverse through the entire array to correct
    the next element will have to do the same thing -1 of the operation before.

    Chatgpt- When thinking about Time Complexity: *"What operation am I doing, how does the amount of work change
    with data grows."*
    
    when thinking of this sentence with the bubble sort... Operation: Compare 2 indexs and swap (arrays have a
    constant look up), How does the amount of work change: depending on the size of the array the second operation
    will be 1 less than before. Making it O(n^2). 

    Key take away is What operation is being done and the amount of work change with the increase size of data.


*Linear Data Structures*
    Arrays- In C, Arrays are fixed size, the minute you set it there is no adding nor getting rid (you pretty much
    set a value to zero to mark it. There is a thing called malloc...) anyway, if you can't fixed the size (unless
    with malloc) you can fix the arrangement of elements in the array.

        Bubble Sort: An algorithm with a Time Complexity O(n^2). In the first 'for loop', 'i', will be the
        element to check with all of 'j' elements, if true, swap. If all elements are unsorted, the first element
        might have to go through all elements. 
            Ex: say we have an array size 10 and array = n.
                The Outer loop can do 10 iterations or n iterations. The inner loop can also do 10 iterations or n.
                so Outer/n x Inner/n = n^2

        Insertion Sort: This Algorithm seems to skip the first since there is nothing to compare behind the element.
        the second element will now be compare to the one before. The behind must be true for the conditions to be met 
        The algorithm sorts least to greatest.  
        